# Sample 08 - Events/Observers & Plugins

## TODO
* **Events/Observers**
    * Examine how are custom events dispatched in `Inchoo\Sample08\Controller\Index\Event` controller.
    * Examine how are observers subscribed to events in `events.xml` config file.
    * Examine `Inchoo\Sample08\Observer\CustomEventObserver` and `Inchoo\Sample08\Observer\CustomEventObjectObserver` 
      observer classes.
    * Use the `sales_quote_add_item` event to log the product name added to Cart. Find where is the event dispatched.
    * Use the `customer_login` event to log the customer email after a login (watch the area). Find where is the event 
      dispatched.
    * Examine how an event is dispatched with a dynamic name in `Magento\Framework\Model\AbstractModel::_afterLoad()` 
      method.
        * Create an observer that will log product name after it's loaded (`Magento\Catalog\Model\Product`).
    * Disable `adminnotification` observer (watch the area).
* **Plugins**
    * Examine how is a plugin declared for a class in` di.xml` config file.
    * Examine plugin examples in `Inchoo\Sample08\Plugin\CalculatorPlugin` for `Inchoo\Sample08\Model\Calculator` 
      class.
    * Make a request to `Inchoo\Sample08\Controller\Index\Plugin` controller and see results.
        * Find and Examine `Inchoo\Sample08\Model\Calculator\Interceptor` autogenerated class and 
        `Magento\Framework\Interception\Interceptor` trait.
    * Use the `before` plugin on `Magento\Catalog\Model\ResourceModel\Product\Collection::load()` method to set the 
      `printQuery` argument to `false` if it is not already. Use plugin `sortOrder` to run the custom plugin before 
      Magento's `add_stock_information` plugin.
    * Use the `after` plugin on `Magento\Catalog\Api\ProductRepositoryInterface` `get()` and `getById()` methods to 
      append "AFTER" string to the product name after a load in frontend area.
    * Use the `around` plugin on `Magento\Customer\Setup\RecurringData::install()` method to prevent execution of 
      the original method.
    * Disable `storeCheck` plugin in adminhtml area.
* **Optional (ask mentor)**
    * Examine `Magento\Framework\App\Action\Plugin\EventDispatchPlugin` plugin class.
        * Create an event observer that logs each time `Inchoo\Sample08\Controller\Index\Dummy::execute()` is called.
